hey guys so first thing I want to do
today is I'm so excited
I swear her you look I've always said
this but I've never thought I would have
this many subscribers I know somebody
300 it's not a lot but I am like over
the top clearly we basically had like a
small party over 300 subscribers so
thank you guys so so so much today I
decided to do something a little bit
different for my channel I'm doing a
hair video simply because I feel like so
many big youtubers get paid for their
hair reviews and therefore you don't
really know if it's honest or not quite
clearly I bought this hair myself and it
came from Aliexpress this hair is from
VIP beauty of course I will leave a link
in the description bar below to exactly
what I purchased I believe this is the
mink Brazilian hair from Aliexpress and
the links that I got were a 14 inch
closure 18 20 in - 22 s it's what I have
in and I must say I'm actually quite
flippin surprised so I have been looking
at Alex Press for a while and just was
so afraid of spending my coin and not
getting what I felt like was good hair I
was just afraid of spending my
hard-earned coin on some Aliexpress hair
and then getting a hot tangled nasty
mess so I waited for them to have a good
sale and they had their veterans they
said well here it's Veterans Day but it
was their 11:11 sale and so I got all
five pieces for a hundred and two
dollars yeah go for it so I thought that
was the perfect time to buy some hair I
actually bought some more from another
vendor and maybe I'll share that with
you guys if you enjoyed this review um
but I women had when I got there I went
ahead and made a full wig
and then I washed the hair and
conditioned it and all that good stuff I
did get a free Park closure simply
because I'm not really a middle part or
side part like the steep part time and
girl I'm much more of a flip over kind
of girl so I just love the very edge
hope I can see this the very edge of my
hair out and I just have the wig up
behind that so it's a free part clothes
there's no part anywhere and I didn't
bleach the night because I don't know
how to do all that so um yeah I just did
what I know and of course not knowing
how to bleach the knots and not being
confident in the fact that I could this
was another reason it was best for me to
get a free part closure so I didn't have
to worry about all of that okay so I
ordered the hair on 11/11 and I ended up
receiving it on the 17th which to me was
fairly cool ofcourse I'm impatient so I
was always the hair where the head used
to hurry up and get here and I thought I
was gonna take forever so it took um
less than a week for it to get to me and
then I made the wig and I've been
wearing it for 2 or 3 days now and like
I said I'm pleasantly the pleasantly
surprised I really really like this hair
y'all it um doesn't get too tangled of
course it is long hair so it's not
perfect and of course there cost me $100
so it ain't perfect but it's not like
some hair that I've had where I've
needed to walk around with my brush at
all times brushing it out it's really
the biggest thing about it it is so soft
I did use all four bundles of hair with
the closure this is all that I had left
this right here that's it that's it so I
will insert pictures of how it looked
straight out the pack somewhere up in
here and the hair was like I said really
really really saw ofcourse I had that
Norma I got body wave hair so he had
that normal s pattern body wave kind of
shape um and then like I said I
installed it and it was
really really pretty like the girl
pattern was so so pretty when I
installed it before washing it and I'll
have a picture of that too for you guys
to see and then I also have a picture of
how it looks after I wash yourself in my
opinion it looked like pretty normal
what happens to body wave hair after you
wash it like it's still there but it's
much much more relaxed and then I round
brushed it I let it air dry for a couple
um maybe like an hour or so and then I
blow dried it with a round brush and
then I Flatiron it and it does get super
duper duper straight I've probably never
had hair that got that sleek um
and then but sleek hair just really
isn't my thing
um so of course I flexi rotted the hair
well first I flat ironed it and I let it
sit with flexi rods overnight and um it
was much much tighter than this
yesterday I've been brushing it out and
running my fingers through it so today
this is what you get it has only been a
couple of days you guys so if you would
like or if you enjoyed this video just
give me a thumbs up and I will come back
with another update on the hair and then
like I said depending on how you guys
like this I do have some more hair that
I ordered because like I said the sale
was really really really incredible so I
did buy it another five piece set of
hair and then I bought three bundles of
hair that I'm gonna make a bob on up now
as far as shedding I know you often see
me kind of running my fingers through
and you see that tangle right there I
wanted to UM actually wasn't supposed to
do this today I wanted to wait a little
bit so the hair would have time to kind
of um shed some of the UM you know
cutting and curling and pulling and
tugging and sewing kind of things that I
did I did not cut my wife's I did do the
flip over method of course until you
know you get to some places where you
don't have a choice but to cut like I
said this is all that I had laughing
this is of one of the 22 inch bundles so
there is some shedding I'm not gonna lie
to you okay I can see that I hope that
you can
so I get about three or four pieces
every time I run my fingers through it
like I said for $100 I'm not um
unreasonable I absolutely believe that
you get what you pay for but with that
said I have bought some hair from for
example queen version remy the Indian
hair that I bought from them was trash
but I'm that's really pretty much it I
don't feel like there's a lot that you
can say in hair reviews either the hair
it's good not good buy it don't buy it
if the hair is not um what you consider
reasonable ly priced then don't buy it
but if you just need some quick pretty
good hair give it a try this hair does
get the thumbs-up for me simply because
like I said I'm not looking for 500 I
love quality when I pay you hundred out
of this one yeah um that's really pretty
much it if you guys have any questions
just let me know if you like this video
of course give me a thumbs up leave a
comment below and if you haven't already
please please please continue to
subscribe to my channel so thank you
guys